_pages/volunteer.md, before:

---
permalink: /volunteer/
layout: single
classes: wide
title: Become a Volunteer 

nursery:
  - image_path: /assets/images/seed-starting.jpg 
    title: "Nursery Volunteer" 
    excerpt: "Volunteers assist in all aspects of growing native plants - from seed collection to nurturing healthy plants. This is also a great learning opportunity."
    #url: "/gardens" 
    #btn_label: "READ MORE &#8594;"

garden: 
  - image_path: /assets/images/garden/signs.jpg 
    title: "Demonstration Garden Volunteer" 
    excerpt: "Once a month, volunteers gather to work in the demonstration garden. Lots of weeding, planting, mulching and lively chatter ensue."
    #url: "/gardens" 
    #btn_label: "READ MORE &#8594;"

sale:
  - image_path: /assets/images/volunteers/sale-prep.jpg 
    title: "Plant Sale Volunteer" 
    excerpt: "Help spread the love! Volunteer at our seasonal sales - occuring the first weekend in May and last weekend of September"
    #url: "/gardens" 
    #btn_label: "READ MORE &#8594;"

social:
  - image_path: /assets/images/icons/social.png 
    title: "Social Media Contributor" 
    excerpt: "Create connection by becoming a contributor on our Facebook and Instagram accounts. Ideal candidates would stop by the nursery once or twice a month to be able to share insight into nursery operations."
    #url: "/gardens" 
    #btn_label: "READ MORE &#8594;"

---
<p>
The Nursery's volunteer program is designed to provide training, support and connection. We would love for you to join us - whether you come often or occasionally, everyone can help make a difference.
</p>
<p>No skills required. All training and tools provided.
<a href = "mailto:northcoastcnps@gmail.com">Email us</a> and let us know if you'd like to jump in and help.
</p>

{% include feature_row id="nursery" type="left"%}

{% include feature_row id="garden" type="left"%}

{% include feature_row id="sale" type="left"%}

{% include feature_row id="social" type="left"%}

Commit message:

Add in more Volunteer positions and form

_pages/volunteer.md, after:

---
permalink: /volunteer/
layout: single
classes: wide
title: Become a Volunteer 

nursery:
  - image_path: /assets/images/seed-starting.jpg 
    title: "Nursery Volunteer" 
    excerpt: "Volunteers assist in all aspects of growing native plants - from seed collection to nurturing healthy plants. Whether you are a beginner or expert gardener, we would love to have you! Note to beginner gardeners: This is an amazing hands-on learning opportunity. You'll never be mystified by the back of a seed packet again! &#128521;
        <br/>Drop-in hours occur every Wednesday, Friday, and Sunday 10a - 1p."
    #url: "/gardens" 
    #btn_label: "READ MORE &#8594;"

garden: 
  - image_path: /assets/images/garden/signs.jpg 
    title: "Demonstration Garden Volunteer" 
    excerpt: "Once a month, volunteers gather to work in the demonstration garden. Weeding, planting, mulching and lively chatter ensue.
        <br/>Drop-in hours occur once a month, usually on Sunday mornings."
    #url: "/gardens" 
    #btn_label: "READ MORE &#8594;"

sale:
  - image_path: /assets/images/volunteers/sale-prep.jpg 
    title: "Plant Sale Volunteer" 
    excerpt: "Help spread the love! Volunteer at our seasonal sales - occuring the first weekend in May and last weekend of September. There are a variety of tasks - cashier, tallying, set up, clean up, hospitality, etc."
    #url: "/gardens" 
    #btn_label: "READ MORE &#8594;"

social:
  - image_path: /assets/images/icons/social.png 
    title: "Social Media Contributor" 
    excerpt: "Create connection by becoming a contributor on our Facebook and Instagram accounts. Ideal candidates would stop by the nursery once or twice a month to be able to share insight into nursery operations.
    <br/>Skills Required: Basic tech-savvyness and emoji literacy. The ability to take a photo on your phone, open an app, post photo with caption - done! Spend the remaining part of the day basking in dopamine."
    #url: "/gardens" 
    #btn_label: "READ MORE &#8594;"

website:
  - image_path: /assets/images/icons/laptop.png 
    title: "Website Contributor" 
    excerpt: "If words like 'Github' and 'basic coding' don't scare you off, please join us! You're a rare intersection of computer and plant nerd and we would love to make use of your talents. You would be joining our existing website development team of one." 
    <br/>Skills Required: Fearless Techie" 
    #url: "/gardens" 
    #btn_label: "READ MORE &#8594;"

---
<p>
The Nursery's volunteer program is designed to provide training, support and connection. We would love for you to join us - whether you come often or occasionally, everyone can help make a difference.
</p>
<p>No skills required. All training and tools provided.
<a href = "mailto:northcoastcnps@gmail.com">Email us</a> or <a href="/volunteer/form/">fill out this form</a> to let us know you're interested! 
</p>

{% include feature_row id="nursery" type="left"%}

{% include feature_row id="garden" type="left"%}

{% include feature_row id="sale" type="left"%}

{% include feature_row id="social" type="left"%}

{% include feature_row id="website" type="left"%}
