index.md, before:

---
title: "Welcome to the North Coast CNPS Nursery."
layout: splash
header:
  overlay_color: "#000"
  overlay_filter: "0.5"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/nursery_overview.jpg
  #actions:
  #  - label: "Download"
  #    url: "#test-link"
#excerpt: "Located in beautiful Freshwater Farms Reserve, Eureka, CA. We grow over 100 species of Pacific Northwest and California native plants."
#

intro: 
    - excerpt: "We are a non-profit volunteer-run nursery located in beautiful Freshwater Farms Reserve in Eureka, CA." 


feature_row:
  - image_path: /assets/images/starts.jpg
    alt: "Plant Sale"
    title: "Plant Sales"
    excerpt: "Stop on by during our Volunteer Hours or visit us during our larger Fall and Spring sales. See <a href='https://www.facebook.com/NorthCoastCNPS'>Facebook page</a> for latest updates. <br/>Pricing is $5 for a 4-inch pot, $10-$12 for 1-gallon pots, or unless otherwise marked."
    #url: "/category/cnps-2022-fall"
    #url: "/category/cnps-master-inventory"
    #btn_label: "More Information"
    #btn_class: "btn--primary"
  - image_path: /assets/images/garden.jpg
    alt: "Demonstration Garden"
    title: "Demonstration Garden"
    excerpt: "The demonstration garden occupies a corner of the CNPS nursery and is a valuable example of what homeowners can accomplish on a small suburban lot."
    url: "/garden/cnps-demo"
    btn_label: "More Information"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
  - image_path: /assets/images/plants.jpg
    alt: "Volunteer"
    title: "Volunteer"
    excerpt: "Join the CNPS in their efforts of restoring beautiful Humboldt ecosystems by providing affordable native plants for the home gardener."
    url: "/volunteer/cnps"
    btn_label: "More Information"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
---
{% include feature_row id="intro" type="center" %}

{% include feature_row %}

Commit message:

Add in Nav and continue to polish for initial prototype review

index.md, after:

---
title: "Welcome our native plant nursery."
layout: splash
header:
  overlay_color: "#000"
  overlay_filter: "0.5"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/nursery_overview.jpg
  actions:
    - label: "Hours & Directions"
      url: "/contact/"
excerpt: "Come visit our fully volunteer-run nursery located in Freshwater Farms Reserve in Eureka, CA. We grow over 100 species of Pacific Northwest and California native plants. We have been supplying our beautiful region with native plants since 2004."

#intro: 
#    - excerpt: "We are a non-profit volunteer-run nursery located in beautiful Freshwater Farms Reserve in Eureka, CA." 
#

feature_row:
  - image_path: /assets/images/starts.jpg
    alt: "Plant Sale"
    title: "Plant Sales"
    excerpt: "Stop by during our Volunteer Hours to browse our current inventory or visit us during our larger Fall and Spring sales. See <a href='https://www.facebook.com/NorthCoastCNPS'>Facebook page</a> for latest updates. <br/>Pricing: $5 for a 4-inch pot, $10-$12 for 1-gallon pots, or unless otherwise marked."
    #url: "/category/cnps-2022-fall"
    #url: "/category/cnps-master-inventory"
    #btn_label: "More Information"
    #btn_class: "btn--primary"
  - image_path: /assets/images/garden.jpg
    alt: "Demonstration Garden"
    title: "Demonstration Garden"
    excerpt: "The demonstration garden occupies a corner of the nursery and is a valuable example of what homeowners can accomplish on a small suburban lot."
    #url: "/garden/cnps-demo"
    #btn_label: "More Information"
    #btn_class: "btn--primary"
  - image_path: /assets/images/plants.jpg
    alt: "Volunteer"
    title: "Volunteer"
    excerpt: "Join us as we continue to help restore local ecosystems by providing affordable native plants for the home gardener."
    #url: "/volunteer/cnps"
    #btn_label: "More Information"
    #btn_class: "btn--primary"
---
{% include feature_row id="intro" type="center" %}

{% include feature_row %}
