collections/_plants/asclepias_fascicularis.md, before:

---
plant_id: 161 

category: perennial herb

name: 
    scientific: asclepias fascicularis
    common: 
        - Narrow Leaf Milkweed

humboldt_native: True

inventory: 
    -   cnps_2025_summer
    -   cnps_2025_spring
    -   cnps_2024_fall
    -   cnps_2024_summer
    -   cnps_2024_spring
    -   cnps_2023_fall
    -   cnps_master_inventory
    -   cnps_2023_spring
    -   cnps_2023_05 
    -   cnps_2023_07 

size:
    height: 
        min: 1.7
        max: 3.3

sun_requirements:
  - "Full Sun"

icon: 
    small: 
        url: /assets/images/plants/asclepias_fascicularis.jpg
    large: 
        url: /assets/images/plants/asclepias_fascicularis_lg.jpg
    source: 
        name: Julie Ann Kierstead
        url: https://calscape.org/photos/434?srchcr=sc63e6a0afb2c75 

tags:  
    -   humboldtNative
    -   butterfly 
    -   bird
    -   deerResistant

websites:
    - url : "https://calscape.org/loc-California/Asclepias-fascicularis-(Narrow-Leaf-Milkweed)"
      name: "Calscape"

gardens:
    cnps_demo:
        - grassland

---

Commit message:

August Plant of the Month

collections/_plants/asclepias_fascicularis.md, after:

---
plant_id: 161 

category: perennial herb

name: 
    scientific: asclepias fascicularis
    common: 
        - Narrow Leaf Milkweed

description: 
    short : "Our most common native milkweed, Narrowleaf Milkweed, Asclepias fascicularis, is a
flowering perennial best known for attracting Monarch butterflies into the garden.
However here on the North Coast, the plant provides resources for many beneficial
creatures, including native bees and is a great addition to all local gardens."

humboldt_native: True

inventory: 
    -   cnps_2025_summer
    -   cnps_2025_spring
    -   cnps_2024_fall
    -   cnps_2024_summer
    -   cnps_2024_spring
    -   cnps_2023_fall
    -   cnps_master_inventory
    -   cnps_2023_spring
    -   cnps_2023_05 
    -   cnps_2023_07 

size:
    height: 
        min: 1.7
        max: 3.3

sun_requirements:
  - "Full Sun"

icon: 
    small: 
        url: /assets/images/plants/asclepias_fascicularis.jpg
    large: 
        url: /assets/images/plants/asclepias_fascicularis_lg.jpg
    source: 
        name: Julie Ann Kierstead
        url: https://calscape.org/photos/434?srchcr=sc63e6a0afb2c75 

tags:  
    -   humboldtNative
    -   butterfly 
    -   bird
    -   deerResistant

websites:
    - url : "https://calscape.org/loc-California/Asclepias-fascicularis-(Narrow-Leaf-Milkweed)"
      name: "Calscape"

gardens:
    cnps_demo:
        - grassland

---
