collections/_plants/garrya_elliptica.md, before:

---
plant_id: 195 

type: shrub

name: 
    scientific: garrya elliptica 
    common: 
        - Coast Silk Tassel
        - Silk Tassel 

description: 
    short : "This beautiful shrub is a treat to come across when the male plants are displaying their long catkins. Both male and female plants are perfect for a hedge or growing against a wall. <br/>Photo by Pete Haggard in the Arcata Community Center native plant garden January 2023."

bloom_calendar: 
    -   12
    -   1

gardens:
    - arcata_community_center
    - arcata_marsh
    - trinidad_museum
    - trinidad_museum_coastal
    - sequoia_park_zoo

humbolt_native: True

native_to: "Humboldt"

habitats : 
    -   coastal

icon: 
     small: 
        url: "/assets/images/plants/garrya_elliptica.jpeg"
        source: 
            name: Pete Haggard
            url: ""
            location: Arcata HealthSport Garden
     large: 
        url: "/assets/images/plants/garrya_elliptica_lg.jpg"
        source: 
            name: Pete Haggard 
            url: 

inventory: 
    -   cnps_master_inventory
    -   cnps_2022_spring

sun_requirements:
  - "Full Sun"
  - "Part Shade"

size:
    height: 
        min: 6
        max: 16.4
 
calscape_link: "https://calscape.org/Garrya-elliptica-(Wavyleaf-Silktassel)"

tags: 
    -   humboldtNative
    -   earlyBloomer
    -   coastal
    -   hedge
    -   evergreen
    -   showy

websites:
    - url : "https://calscape.org/Garrya-elliptica-(Wavyleaf-Silktassel)"
      name: "Calscape"
---

Commit message:

Update description, add photo description

collections/_plants/garrya_elliptica.md, after:

---
plant_id: 195 

type: shrub

name: 
    scientific: garrya elliptica 
    common: 
        - Coast Silk Tassel
        - Silk Tassel 

description: 
    short : "This beautiful shrub is a treat to come across in the winter when the male plants are displaying their long catkins. Both male and female plants are perfect for a hedge or growing against a wall."

bloom_calendar: 
    -   12
    -   1

gardens:
    - arcata_community_center
    - arcata_marsh
    - trinidad_museum
    - trinidad_museum_coastal
    - sequoia_park_zoo

humbolt_native: True

native_to: "Humboldt"

habitats : 
    -   coastal

icon: 
     small: 
        url: "/assets/images/plants/garrya_elliptica.jpeg"
        source: 
            name: Pete Haggard
            url: ""
            location: Arcata Community Center Garden
            description: "This photo was taken by Pete Haggard at his Arcata Community Center Garden - January 2023"
     large: 
        url: "/assets/images/plants/garrya_elliptica_lg.jpg"
        source: 
            name: Pete Haggard 
            url: 

inventory: 
    -   cnps_master_inventory
    -   cnps_2022_spring

sun_requirements:
  - "Full Sun"
  - "Part Shade"

size:
    height: 
        min: 6
        max: 16.4
 
calscape_link: "https://calscape.org/Garrya-elliptica-(Wavyleaf-Silktassel)"

tags: 
    -   humboldtNative
    -   earlyBloomer
    -   coastal
    -   hedge
    -   evergreen
    -   showy

websites:
    - url : "https://calscape.org/Garrya-elliptica-(Wavyleaf-Silktassel)"
      name: "Calscape"
---
