collections/_plants/tellima_grandiflora.md, before:

---
plant_id: 154 

name: 
    common:
        - Fringe Cups 
#        - "Bigflower Tellima" 
    scientific: "tellima grandiflora" 
 
category: "perennial herb"

companions: 
    - 71 # sword fern

description:
    short: "Thrives in the cool moist soil of a woodland garden. Small flowers extend on tall, slender stems. Will grow in full to partial shade."
    location: "Thrives in the cool moist soil of a woodland garden. Small flowers extend on tall, slender stems. Will grow in full to partial shade."

gardens:
    arcata_community_center:
    cnps_demo:
        - redwood
    trinidad_museum:
        - woodland

humboldt_native: True

icon: 
    small: 
        url: /assets/images/plants/tellima_grandiflora.jpg 
    large: 
        url: /assets/images/plants/tellima_grandiflora_lg.jpg 
    source: 
        name: Steve Matson 
        url: https://calscape.org/photos/3661?srchcr=sc6419f150d00ff

inventory: 
    -   cnps_master_inventory
    -   cnps_2023_spring
    -   cnps_2023_05

sun_requirements:
  - "Full Shade"
  - "Part Shade"

size:
    height: 
        min: 1.3 
        max: 3

tags:
    - humboldtNative
    - woodland
    - groundcover
    - deerResistant
 
websites: 
    - url: https://calscape.org/Tellima-grandiflora-(Bigflower-Tellima) 
      name: Calscape.org/tellima-grandiflora-(bigflower-tellima)
    - url: www.calflora.org/app/taxon?crn=7931
      name: Calflora.org/app/taxon?crn=7931
    - url: https://courses.washington.edu/esrm412/protocols/2008/TEGR2.pdf
      name: Plant Propagation Protocol - University of Washington
    - url: https://www.gardenershq.com/Tellima-Fringe-cups.php
      name: Gardeners Hq - How to Grow Tellima Plants
---

Commit message:

Add in May plant spotlight

collections/_plants/tellima_grandiflora.md, after:

---
plant_id: 154 

name: 
    common:
        - Fringe Cups 
#        - "Bigflower Tellima" 
    scientific: "tellima grandiflora" 
 
category: "perennial herb"

companions: 
    - 71 # sword fern

description:
    short: "This common plant can be found bordering many of our hiking trails through redwood forest. Starting in May, you can often admire their delicate flowers extending upwards on slender stems. We find them happily in yards often among ferns or in the cooler soil along the north side of a house."
    location: "Thrives in the cool moist soil of a woodland garden. Small flowers extend on tall, slender stems. Will grow in full to partial shade."

gardens:
    arcata_community_center:
    cnps_demo:
        - redwood
    trinidad_museum:
        - woodland

humboldt_native: True

icon: 
    small: 
        url: /assets/images/plants/tellima_grandiflora.jpg 
    large: 
        url: /assets/images/plants/tellima_grandiflora_lg.jpg 
    source: 
        name: Steve Matson 
        url: https://calscape.org/photos/3661?srchcr=sc6419f150d00ff

inventory: 
    -   cnps_master_inventory
    -   cnps_2023_spring
    -   cnps_2023_05

sun_requirements:
  - "Full Shade"
  - "Part Shade"

size:
    height: 
        min: 1.3 
        max: 3

tags:
    - humboldtNative
    - woodland
    - groundcover
    - deerResistant
 
websites: 
    - url: https://calscape.org/Tellima-grandiflora-(Bigflower-Tellima) 
      name: Calscape.org/tellima-grandiflora-(bigflower-tellima)
    - url: www.calflora.org/app/taxon?crn=7931
      name: Calflora.org/app/taxon?crn=7931
    - url: https://courses.washington.edu/esrm412/protocols/2008/TEGR2.pdf
      name: Plant Propagation Protocol - University of Washington
    - url: https://www.gardenershq.com/Tellima-Fringe-cups.php
      name: Gardeners Hq - How to Grow Tellima Plants
---
